37515 Firefox Nightly supports Temporal behind pref (#37863)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/135/index.md

These features are newly shipped in Firefox 135 but are disabled by default. To experiment with them, search for the appropriate preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`. You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.

> - **Temporal API** (Nightly release): <code>javascript.options.experimental.temporal</code>. The [Temporal object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Temporal) enables date and time management in various scenarios, including built-in time zone and calendar representation. ([Firefox bug 1912511](https://bugzil.la/1912511)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Temporal API** (Nightly release): <code>javascript.options.experimental.temporal</code>. The [Temporal object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Temporal) aims to simplify working with dates and times in various scenarios, with built-in time zone and calendar representations. ([Firefox bug 1912511](https://bugzil.la/1912511)).
```
